>> Jen Kramer: And if we were coding very
minimally, that is what we would do.
But there's actually an additional step
here that I'd like you guys to be aware of
which is making your forms accessible.
What do we mean by accessibility, yeah?
>> Ryan: People with
disabilities can access them.
>> Jen Kramer: That people with
disabilities can actually access our
form as well and complete it.
And so on the web there's a whole,
just like in real life,
there are a lot of people who have
various types of disabilities.
But in fact, there are a lot of
disabilities that we don't necessarily
think of as disabilities
that apply to websites.
For example, color blindness,
I briefly mentioned the other day,
10% of the population is
red-green color blind.
We try to avoid making red web pages in
Christmas colors for that reason, okay?
Because it can be very difficult for
people who are colorblind to tell
the difference between red and green.
Likewise, we don't necessarily think of
people who wear glasses
as disabled people.
But yet, some people need deep
fonts to be a little bit bigger,
especially older people, so
that they can read web pages very clearly.
So these accessibility features
don't take a lot of time to add.
And they can really help a whole
lot of people in using your work.
So what we're going to do here to make
this form more accessible is we're
gonna add a new field here for your name.
And instead of it being a paragraph,
we're going to make it a label.
And we're going to do
a lot of labeling today.
And this label tag is going to go all
the way around your name, all right.
So with that,
we know that your name is a label.
But it's a label for what?
Do we know?
We have no idea.
So we need to associate the label
with the field we just created.
So we're going to say label for name.
So the ID down here, in our input,
is what will be associated
with the label here.
So whatever you type in for ID, that
is what's going to go up here for for,
the for attribute value in the label tag.
>> Speaker 3: So
you could have named it George.
>> Jen Kramer: I could have
named George and if I did that,
I would have said the ID is George.
And then the for value up here would be.
>> Speaker 3: George.
>> Jen Kramer: George, just like that.
Just because you can doesn't mean
you should, but technically,
that will work just fine, okay?
And what's the difference between id and
name, as- Okay, great question, so
what's the difference between id and name?
So ID is going to be used
specifically in this case,
certainly with this label tag.
Often there's a JavaScript processing
script associated with forms that do error
checking to make sure people have
filled out the fields that you want.
Sometimes those IDs can also
be used in JavaScript, okay.
But in our case, very specifically,
this ID is associated with the label.
The name portion of this, okay,
the name portion of this is going to be
associated with the processing script.
When we click our submit button for
our form, and
this whole contents of the form
get sent to the server, right?
The processing script on the server
needs this name field in
order to do whatever it needs to do,
make sense?
Fortunately, we don't need to
worry about the processing script.
We're front end people.
We don't write that stuff.
We hire people to write those
processing scripts, okay?
And our engineers are gonna tell us
exactly what we need to do in terms of
name fields in order for
our processing script to work.
Make sense?
We're actually gonna work through
that later once we have this initial
form coded.
Yeah, Ryan?
>> Ryan: Just for clarification, ID, name,
and for need to all have the same value?
>> Jen Kramer: They do not all
need to have the same value.
You could have three different values.
But I like to make them the same value.
[LAUGH] Because I just think
it works better, okay.